Update fewer-unwanted-events.md (#9403)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/fewer-unwanted-events.md

The first app is the "Filter Out" app. It is used to filter out (or in) events matching certain conditions. This includes filters like number comparison, string regex, and boolean checks.

> To set it up, navigate to Data Pipeline, select the Transformations tab, select the '+ New transformation' button (in the top right hand corner), and search for "Filter Out Plugin". Upload JSON matching the schema detailed in the [README](https://github.com/posthog/posthog-filter-out-plugin). This will look something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set it up, navigate to Data Pipeline, select the Transformations tab, select the **+ New transformation** button (in the top right hand corner), and search for "Filter Out Plugin". Upload JSON matching the schema detailed in the [README](https://github.com/posthog/posthog-filter-out-plugin). This will look something like:
```
